## Inputs for model and post-fitting analyses:

- `calc_forcing.R`: calculate forcing and sum forcing from daily temperature data in `picolaClimate` package

## Forcing

Files generated by `calc_forcing.R`:

- `forcing/dailyforc_1945-2012.csv` Contains daily temperatures, daily forcing, and daily forcing accumulations since January 1 of each year for all seed orchard and comparison sites.

- `forcing/normalforc_1921-2100.csv` Daily forcing, daily accumulated forcing, and daily mean temperatures for all seed orchard and comparison sites for 30 year normal periods starting in 1921

- `forcing/typical_year_forc.csv` Daily forcing, daily accumulated forcing, and daily mean temperatures for all seed orchard and comparison sites averaged daily for across years 1945-2012

## latifoliaDistribution
Shapefiles for *Pinus contorta* ssp. *latifolia* species range from Bisbing, S.M., Urza, A.K., Buma, B.J., Cooper, D.J., Matocq, M., Angert, A.L., 2021. Can long-lived species keep pace with climate change? Evidence of local persistence potential in a widespread conifer. Diversity and Distributions 27, 296–312. https://doi.org/10/ghmszm (Figure 1) Provided by Sarah Bisbing and Coner Phelan via email April 10, 2023.

# Nilsson1981, oreilly-and-owens1988, and owens2005

All contain lodgepole flowering phenology data copied from other papers

Nilsson, J.-E., 1981. Flowering in Pinus contorta: a study of flowering abundance and flowering phenology of provenances from latitude 48⁰N to 63⁰N in a Swedish field trial. Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences, Dept. of Forest Genetics and Plant Physiology, Umeå.

O’Reilly, C., Owens, J.N., 1988. Reproductive growth and development in seven provenances of lodgepole pine. Can. J. For. Res. 18, 43–53. https://doi.org/10.1139/x88-008

Owens, J.N., Bennett, J., L’Hirondelle, S., 2005. Pollination and cone morphology affect cone and seed production in lodgepole pine seed orchards. Canadian Journal of Forest Research 35, 383–400. https://doi.org/10.1139/x04-176
